Final Summary:
 I remember loving Smallville. I thought I'd live there f
orever. But my father's death set me on a different path.
 I moved to Metropolis to become who I was meant to be. M
y most vivid memory of all is the day I met Lois Hannigan
. The heat exchanger's offline. We need water back in the
 reactor vessel. We're going to have a meltdown the size 
of Fukushima. I'm actually starting QB. I think I'm the f
irst freshman to ever do it. I'll talk to Lois about some
 dates. R Raiden meets Eliza for the first time since ret
urning home from the hospital. He tells her he's sorry he
 missed therapy because he was in Wichita for a story. He
 says he's nervous about starting high school, but it's o
kay if you're nervous. "Life's a little different in Smal
lville," he says. phthalmologist: "I'm just saying. They'
re 14, they're 14. They don't need to know yet" "It's too
 dangerous for them to know. ... The whole world knows wh
o I am" "I lived on a farm. I had powers" "You're worried
 about Jordan. He was pretty upset last night" Lois's son
 Branden returns home from the hospital with his wife, La
na, and their two daughters. The family is reunited with 
Dr. Frye and his son, Clark, who had suffered a stroke. C
lark's mother, Lois, is worried about her son's health. L
ois tells Clark that Foswell's no editor. I didn't think 
you guys would have REMembered me from that summer. I'm r
eally sorry about your grandma. She was really special. E
ven my dad liked her, but he hates everyone, so... house 
full of girls. I think there's something wrong with the r
outer. Lana: Morgan Edge ruins everything he touches. Kyl
e: "He is singlehandedly destroying the Daily Planet" Lan
a: "I don't understand how he can keep fooling people" Ke
nt: "It's good thing we don't have to worry about that an
ymore now, do we?" phthalmologist: "I shouldn't have lost
 my cool with Kyle. I'm sorry for your loss" "There's a b
onfire tomorrow at the old Shuster Mine. Hit me up if you
 want to go, but I can't guarantee I won't get you into t
rouble" "You're both really lucky. All we have are mild c
oncussions?" "Yes, that's right. We're fine" Lois: "I can
't lose him, Lois. I can't. He's pulled so far away from 
me already" Jon: "There's something a lot freakier than m
e that happened to us in that barn" Lois: "It's Kryptonia
n. You are Kryptonian" Lois: "There is a powerful somethi
ng out there that doesn't like Superman or nuclear power 
plants" Clark: "Whoever did this knows who I am. He's stu
dying you, Clark" Lois: "The world will always need Super
man. But right now, this family needs you more" Martha wa
s like this town's Superman or Superwoman. She still prot
ected half the farm's value. She wanted there to be enoug
h money                to send the boys to college. Jon: 
"I don't think she wanted you to sell it. I think she wan
ts you to save it" I'm half human, half whatever the hell
 he is, Jordan says. "I was sent here when my planet, Kry
pton, was destroyed," Superman says. Jordan's parents put
 him on pills to control his powers. "They raised me. The
y taught me how to control my abilities," he says. phthal
mologist: 'I don't really know how you guys party in Metr
opolis, but here in Smallville, we do it a little differe
nt' 'I know you're here. I know you can't see me. I'm jus
t glad that you made it. You promised me trouble' 'It fee
ls like it's my fault that this is all falling apart' oph
obic: "I took a bunch of my mom's pills a year ago, and I
 still don't understand why I did it" "I saw you take one
 back at the funeral reception," he says. "You're the onl
y person I know around here who's on something, so... so.
.. you're not the only one on something," he adds. "It's 
not that big of a deal," she says. Superman returns home 
to his family. His father asks him to apologize to his br
other. Clark says he's okay, but Jordan's powers are mani
festing very differently than his own. Clark asks his fat
her to check the bank for any unusual activity in the las
t five or six years. Clark Kent's mom wanted him to move 
back to Smallville. He says she knew how busy he was in M
etropolis and how absent he'd been. Clark and his family 
are thinking of reopening the farm. Clark: "These are the
 important years, Clark" I should have neverkissed you la
st night, says Morgan Edge. "I just wanted to hang out wi
th you," Sarah says. "It's not your fault," Morgan respon
ds. "You didn't know about Sean, either," Sarah adds. "Th
at is awkward. Good luck" phthalmologist: "We need to imp
rove tactile function and speed if I'm gonna end this. We
 also need kryptonite. That was the last of your supply. 
I'll start the upgrades to your armor right away, Captain
 Luthor"
